Principal/Lead Data Scientist
Fractal Analytics
4.01.1K Reviews
Fractal Analytics logo
11 - 15 years
Not Disclosed
Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Gurugram, Bengaluru
Posted: 3+ weeks ago
Openings: 1
Applicants: 100+

Continue with Google
Company Logo
Principal/Lead Data Scientist
Fractal Analytics
4.01.1K Reviews
Apply
Job description
Its fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing!


Were committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.


Job description:

The team member will be a part of AI services team at Fractal.ai and will be working in a fast paced environment
Lead Data Scientist is a leadership role in the AI services team with responsibilities spanning across client delivery, business development and people leadership.

Responsibilities:

Leading AI solution end - to - end in given client projects, including AI solution design, execution and client and team management
Leading project teams through the solution development, validation and, deployment, monitoring ensuring deliverable quality and timeliness
Solving internal and client deadlocks ensuring alignments on key technical aspects of the AI solution
Partnering with Sales teams during new business and renewal business development conversations to ensure new and incremental business
Manage reporting team of data scientists and Sr. Data scientists providing career guidance for growth, resolving issues and ensuring high utilization in client projects
Providing regular updates to executive team on client projects being handled, calling out project status, risks, issues, resolutions from a technical pov
Collaborate with other functional teams such as Engineering, MLOps, DevOps, etc. as required in the client projects ensuring clear and effective communications enabling integration of AI solutions into client production systems.
Collaborate with internal and client stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate them into AI solutions.
Ensure optimizations in code and model using best-in-class techniques in ML and Deep learning
Lead process of extensively clean, preprocess and transform to raw datasets to ensure its quality and suitability for model training.
Implement best practices throughout the design and execution of AI solution

Qualifications:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Data Science, Computer Science or a related field.
Minimum 11-15 years of experience in AI and Machine Learning
Strong proficiency in Python, PySpark, cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure and GCP
Strong proficiency in machine learning, deep learning, supervised/unsupervised learning algorithms and their execution
Good to have experience and understanding of Generative AI concepts
Previous experience in leading data science projects is must
Previous experience in new/ renewal business development is must
Previous experience in client and internal team management is must
Hands-on experience with model training, hyperparameter tuning, and deployment.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Strong communication and teamwork skills

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, youll enjoy your career with us!


Not the right fit? Let us know youre interested in a future opportunity by clicking Introduce Yourself in the top-right corner of the page or create an account to set up email alerts as new job postings become available that meet your interest!

Role: Data Scientist
Industry Type: Analytics / KPO / Research
Department: Data Science & Analytics
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Data Science & Machine Learning
Education
UG: Any Graduate
PG: Any Postgraduate
Key Skills
Trainingdeep learningTeam managementdata scienceGCPMachine learningDeploymentMonitoringPython
