Machine Learning Engineer
ZeMoSo Technologies
3.0230 Reviews
ZeMoSo Technologies logo
5 - 14 years
14-35 Lacs P.A.
Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru
Posted: 2 weeks ago
Openings: 4
Applicants: 100+

Continue with Google
Company Logo
Machine Learning Engineer
ZeMoSo Technologies
3.0230 Reviews
Apply
Job description
Location - Bangalore/Pune/Mumbai
Notice Period - Immediate Joiner (upto 30days max.)


About us:

Zemoso Technologies is a Software Product Market Fit Studio that brings silicon valley style rapid prototyping and rapid application builds to Entrepreneurs and Corporate innovation. We offer Innovation as a service and work on ideas from scratch and take it to the Product Market Fit stage using Design Thinking->Lean Execution->Agile Methodology.
We were featured as one of Deloitte Fastest 50 growing tech companies from India thrice (2016, 2018 and 2019). We were also featured in Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific both in 2016 and 2018.
We are located in Hyderabad, India, and Dallas, US. We have recently incorporated another office in Waterloo, Canada.
Our founders have had past successes - founded a decision management company acquired by SAP AG (now part of Hana Big data stack & NetWeaver BPM), early engineering team of Zoho (leading billion $ SaaS player) & some Private Equity experience.
Marquee customers along with some exciting start-ups are part of our clientele.

What You will do:
Play the role of Data Analyst / ML Engineer
Collection, cleanup, exploration and visualization of data
Perform statistical analysis on data and build ML models
Implement ML models using some of the popular ML algorithms
Use Excel to perform analytics on large amounts of data
Understand, model and build to bring actionable business intelligence out of data that is available in different formats
Work with data engineers to design, build, test and monitor data pipelines for ongoing business operations

Basic Qualifications
Experience: 5+ years.
Hands-on development experience playing the role of Data Analyst and/or ML Engineer.
Experience in working with excel for data analytics
Experience with statistical modelling of large data sets
Experience with ML models and ML algorithms
Coding experience in Python

Nice to have Qualifications
Experience with wide variety of tools used in ML
Experience with Deep learning

Benefits
Competitive salary.
Hybrid work model.
Learning and gaining experience rapidly.
Reimbursement for basic working set up at home.
Insurance (including a top up insurance for COVID).

Role: Other
Industry Type: IT Services & Consulting
Department: Other
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Other
Education
UG: B.Tech / B.E. in Any Specialization
PG: MS/M.Sc(Science) in Any Specialization, M.Tech in Any Specialization, MCA in Any Specialization
Key Skills
Skills highlighted with ‘‘ are preferred keyskills
Machine Learning
TensorflowPytorchImage ProcessingNatural Language ProcessingNeural NetworksKerasComputer VisionScikit-LearnDeep LearningPython